Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I was being hunted.
and I was completely
unaware it was happening.
Come to me.
I need her not to die. Please.
A thousand nights of sulking.
and the first sight of her.
you were just gonna
up and leave me?!
I am trying to restrain myself!
A last dance before the feast.
I'd like that.
No vampire must
commit to writing
the history of the vampires.
You want a companion? Claudia:
I get to pick one thing.
and it's her. Armand:
She swore an oath.
trampled on the laws. and
I am to reward her for it?
He broke with the coven.
They gave him a
choice. He chose.
The jury may be seated.
The premeditated murders of
the vampiress Antoinette Brown
and the vampire
Lestat de Lioncourt.
Claudia!
Claudia! Claudia!
It's gonna be okay!
Session 15. Louis
de Pointe du Lac.
The child vampire Claudia
and her companion
Madeleine are...
Anyone want to start?
Abducted.
- Claudia!
- Overwhelmed.
Outnumbered.
- Armand sold you out.
- I'm talking now.
Sorry.
Go ahead.
I'm clawing...
trying to bite anything
that moved outside the sack.
Straining for any sound of
her. any sign she was alive.
Claudia!
- Stop!
- Claudia! Claudia!
Claudia! Claudia!
- Stop! Stop!
- No!
Claudia!
No!
I heard when the rats found her.
Help me!
I could not go to her.
I could not help her.
And finally.
the premeditated murders of
the vampiress Antoinette Brown
and the vampire
Lestat de Lioncourt.
I fell in and out
of consciousness.
Gruesomely!
Sacks come off. You're
characters in a play.
Props.
Props in a play.
A play that's been fully
designed and rehearsed.
And every actor onstage has
scripted lines except for us.
If the prosecution's
evidence convinces you...
And if we attempted to
speak our unwritten parts...
We didn't know any laws!
The coven members
sitting behind us
would use their collective
powers to disorient our minds.
our hearing - a vice
handle turning...
jaws compressing the skull.
They were both
trying to kill us!
Dear. dear. dear!
We've no need to hear from you.
We have your words here.
In all their chilling
premeditation.
- It's a diary!
- Read it out!
November 23rd. 1939.
"I shall be your angel
of death. Lestat."
"You go on planning." quote.
"our future
together." end quote.
"Well. I've already
planned yours.
Not much time left. Lestat."
Tick-tock. Tick-Tock.
Shame!
I know she was your
favorite. but give it a read.
Pass it around.
She had us all fooled.
The accused must stay
silent and must stay seated!
They'd crippled you?
Ankle tendons
slashed to the bone.
Wounds that would not heal
before the curtain fell.
Set dressing nailed
to the floor.
Will the members of
the jury please...
And when the fight
went out of Claudia...
a growing sense of
nausea took over me.
I could feel a presence
in the theater.
A tremor in the air.
A familiar scent.
Begotten of Magnus...
The audience was
leering and feral.
We were on trial for murder.
...the boards of the
Theatre Des Vampires...
And all I could think was...
the first and only witness.
Ladies and gentlemen
of the jury...
he's coming.
The victim.
Monsieur Lestat de Lioncourt.
Whooo!
I prefer the old place.
But... it's a grubby
little century. isn't it?
A very special book
for you to swear upon.
Monsieur de Lioncourt.
Written by the vampire Claudia.
in which your last words are
recorded in your own blood.
Hmm.
I swear in my own blood.
Monsieur de Lioncourt. you've
returned to Paris because?
I have a box at Roland-Garros
for the Men's doubles.
I'm going to drain the
Australians if they win.
And a croque madame
at Brasserie Lipp.
And justice for the
attempted murder of my being.
Hmm.
It's their turn to hurt.
He was back.
In the flesh.
It had all the hallmarks
of a hallucination.
Lestat. at last.
come to kill us.
But no. he was real.
So your new boyfriend sold you
out to your old boyfriend...
- Yeah. alright. I sold him out.
- And then he put you on a show trial...
- Yes.
- in front of a live human audience.
- That's right.
- And let me guess.
the star witness's testimony
was scrupulously impartial?
Take us back to the
beginning. if you will.
- of this story of butchery...
- It's a story of love.
- Not butchery.
- Well...
It's a story of love wronged.
Love...
has always been
difficult for me.
My first paramour. Nicolas
de Lefant. a violinist...
Belonged to this
very theater troupe.
Mm. briefly. yes.
A fragile mind.
prone to corruption.
A heartbreakingly beautiful
boy of immense talent.
Nicky went insane. He
died by his own hand.
No.
With a little help from others.
I followed Lestat's gaze
and saw Armand in
one of the boxes.
It stopped my heart.
Until I saw the vampire Sam
standing next to him.
blocking his exit.
He was as much of a
captive as we were.
You were forced to watch?
A painfully close
view of the stage.
Or what?
Or they'd kill me.
It was a part of his punishment.
Just a clarification
for the readers.
uh. to save your
own life. Armand.
you screwed over Louis.
Claudia and Madeleine.
and then you sat in the
best seat in the house
watching the consequences
of you screwing them over.
He had a lot to account for.
but he spent the whole performance
calculating a way to save me.
An unfathomable sadness
seeped into me
with Nicky's death.
I buried myself in the
dirt. Port Neuilly.
on the outskirts of Paris. and
I lay there for a hundred years.
Napoleon marched his drinks
cabinet across Europe
while I mourned.
The only sounds I
heard were the...
weed roots growing around me.
My only sustenance. the ancient
blood already inside me.
You awoke in 1908.
but even a century underground could not
obliterate the pain of Nicolas's death.
I did what many have done when too
many ghosts haunt the old world.
You left for the new
one. Bobbed the Atlantic
in search of America's
star-spangled shores.
I disembarked for New Orleans.
the humidified
daughter of Paris.
And who...
did you meet there.
Monsieur de Lioncourt?
Louis de Pointe du Lac.
Let the court record show
that the victim
pointed to the accused.
I didn't point.
I merely glanced his way.
Be precise in your
declarations. Advocat.
I'm about to
violate the Fifth.
Keep calm and carry on.
I first saw Louis
in a street brawl.
The accused was
a troubled man.
A failed sugar farmer.
a brothel-keeper.
Forced into corners
by his race.
alienated from his own desires.
American puritanism
mangling his very soul.
Disreputable. cold. violent.
Louis first accosted
me in a pleasure house.
and then everywhere I went.
as if by happy accident.
there was Louis. offering
to be my chaperone.
his eyes sliding down me.
I... a vampire.
was being hunted.
With every breath.
every heartbeat.
every sidelong glance.
Louis was saying. "Come to me".
"Come to me?!"
Those are his words!
He kept coming around after me!
"Come to me?!" Fuck you!
- Stop it!
- An appetite.
"Come... to... me?!"
He said it... to me.
How do you know that it was
not your own voice. Louis?
Speaking your own
unspeakable desires.
Screaming them in
the darkness...
in the hopes that I
would come to you.
Lestat.
It's your line.
And after the
heartbreak of Nicky...
And after the heartbreak
that was Nicky.
to feel such hunger again.
The accused called to you from
within a church where he was
confessing his sins to a priest.
I destroyed that priest and
another right in front of him.
Yes. You put your fist
through his skull.
showed him what enormous
power you possess.
I offered Louis myself instead.
What I am.
My companionship.
An immortal life.
And I offered it to him...
in the church.
on the altar.
And with the two dead
priests in his purview.
the accused raised up his hands
and took your face in them
with a kiss of acceptance.
Yes.
Fags!
Did you say something?
Men embracing men.
it disgusts you?
Uh... I'm pretty sure it
disgusts a whole lot of people.
Oh?
You fought at Bastogne.
You vomited into
your foxhole often.
but what you didn't do.
Corporal Jonny Chaffin.
is fire your M1 Garand
rifle a single time.
Germans overran your line
and three days later. you ran
off into the Belgian forest.
during which time your friend.
who you share a
matching tattoo with.
Private Earnest Hughes'
arm was shot off.
You'd tried to desert. but
you couldn't read your map.
And eventually. you
stumbled back to your line
and claimed you'd
been lost in the fog!
There are 14 men who served
their countries honorably
in attendance with
us this afternoon.
They may. like
yourself. be disgusted
by the transcendent love between
two vampires of the same sex.
But I wonder...
where lies their disgust now?
Continue.
Um...
Louis didn't take to vampirism.
It's... Louis did... Hmm!
The accused didn't
take to vampirism.
Crippled by qualms. he
drank only from animals.
I didn't want to eat people.
He didn't want to eat people.
Do you get it?!
That's all of you!
Louis was fixated on the
loss of his humanity.
his estranged family.
the internecine
politics of his food.
He not only
rejected vampirism.
he also rejected you.
Louis was deceptively
agile with words.
A trenchant form of
verbal amusement.
There was a night when he
told me I'd be alone forever.
An awful night.
A word of context for our jury.
The single worst thing that a
vampire can feel is loneliness.
Human loneliness
magnified by millennia.
by the never-ending
road we walk.
- Do they not know this?
- How could they?
Oh...
Take my hand.
This is loneliness.
This is vampire loneliness.
You want to curl up
and die. don't you?
I know.
There was a night...
when one of Louis's infrequent
kills upturned the city.
and he threatened me...
with this loneliness.
Shame on you!
He abandoned me
in our townhouse.
I didn't know if he was
ever going to come back.
I was engulfed with
this loneliness.
"I closed my eyes and waited
for the fire to take me."
I just prayed it
wouldn't hurt too bad.
"That's when the
black angel came."
- But he came back.
- He did.
With her.
Good luck on how that
fucker didn't ask.
Gave me no say.
made me more of a vampire
than anyone up here.
- A child. recalling...
- 14 years old!
- A minute from death!
- a transformation weeks after the event.
by Louis to soothe her
relentless questioning.
I told Louis...
Fourteen forever.
She'd be a cripple.
Lestat stood on that stage.
took all the familiar
pieces of Louis's life.
defiled them. bent them
into a Lestat-shaped effigy.
But some... some of it now...
What?
I remember...
being out of my
body at the time.
I was in Paris.
But also in New Orleans.
Lestat took me there.
Fourteen forever.
She'd be a cripple.
She's goin' cold.
What do we do?
- Nothing. We do nothing.
- She's dying 'cause of me!
They lit her building
on fire 'cause of me!
They lit whatever fire
you're talking about
with their own free will.
You do not know this girl!
- Make her like us.
- C'est impossible. elle est trop jeune!
- Please. I can't have her die!
- The Gift cannot be given to children!
- What do you mean? Yes. it can.
- The Great Laws forbid it!
Great Laws?! She's gonna
die in front of us!
But he was in a
terrible panic.
Guilt had seized reason.
Claudia on the ledge of death.
You know you can do this!
And she'll be what? A lap dog?
No. No. not a... Not a dog.
A daughter?
Yeah.
I'll stay.
I'll stay. I'll never
leave you ever again.
I promise.
I'll be happy.
for you. for her.
But there was a
light in his eyes.
Please.
A light I'd not seen for years.
But I resisted.
Because I knew the
wisdom of the Great Laws.
Because I knew pain and anxiety
would be her only birthright.
Fuck you!
I'll do it myself.
She will be at war with herself.
She is of an age where her
emotions will soar and plummet.
mountains and valleys
every day of her life!
- I don't care!
- Well. you must care!
Her mind and her spirit will age
but the world will
treat her as she is now!
- I found her in the fire.
- And she will be miserable
- and you will love her!
- I heard her voice...
- behind the door.
- And it will spiral beyond your reach!
Drink up. drink up.
- And you have to drain her first. Louis!
- She asked if I was an angel!
Me!
That's not how it happened.
It is how it happened.
I didn't think it
at the time but...
yeah.
Look at her. our
beautiful little daughter.
Please. please. please.
I'll do anything.
Please. I'll be anything.
Please!
Please! Please.
please. please.
Please. please. please.
Please. please. please...
You will regret this for
the rest of your life.
I made her for Louis.
She is my blood.
I broke the second law.
When you sentence them for their
crimes. you sentence me too.
Hah! But you... you were
manipulated into it.
- It's all lies. right?
- It's all lies.
How Claudia was made.
He did tell me...
what she would be.
And I've... played
down my role in it.
You should go with
Lestat's version.
for the book. I think.
I'm sorry.
74 years have provided. uh...
Unwelcome clarity?
Claudia was an unforeseen joy.
A formidable fledgling.
A consummate killer.
a congenial companion.
We were a happy trio.
Louis coddled her and I gifted
her a predator's upbringing.
- but...
- Lunch is served.
But Claudia's defect
caught up with her.
- Coulda told me I had a defect.
- Claudia's moods worsened.
She harmed herself in
the sun for attention
and followed that
with a killing spree.
corpses clogging the Bayou. a
penchant for human souvenirs.
She put yours and Louis's
anonymity at risk.
Then she ran away.
The vampiress tot in the
wind for seven years.
And Louis...
Louis...
he blamed himself.
And he folded inwards.
If your companion
no longer wishes
to share his body with you.
if every word...
coming out of his mouth is
vitriol or disinterest...
for seven years...
you don't want to.
You still hope that...
he'll emerge out
of his melancholy.
That he'll love you...
like you love him.
What do you do?
Do find affection elsewhere?
Yes! Yes! Yes. you do!
Antoinette Brown.
ladies and gentlemen.
later the vampire Antoinette.
Seven long years.
And then Claudia returned.
Before her travel bag
had hit the floor.
Claudia assessed the
fragility of our union.
She's an artful predator.
I can say that now.
Hmm.
I see the best of my
vampiric self in her.
She looked at me.
and then she turned
to Louis and said.
"Abandon Lestat."
"Come with me to Europe."
No! Boo!
And he was hers again.
- And you and Louis fought?
- Well...
At first we just slammed each
other around our townhouse.
- Aaagh!
- No!
Seven years of...
- compromise.
- Aaagh!
I'm trying to restrain
myself. Louis!
Denial.
Stop!
It all gave way.
Stay down!
Cheri. I don't want
to fight like this!
You start it. you finish it!
It will end in your death!
My death?!
Look at your fucking face!
Please stop! Don't
do it! Please!
Stay back. Claudia.
It's all good.
You're leaving with her?
- Daddy Lou!
- No. it's okay.
It's okay. we're done.
It's... it's over.
Stay where you are. okay?
You're going to leave me.
I'm gonna take this hand here
and wrap it around that
scrawny neck of yours.
just like you did our daughter.
And I ain't gonna stop
until your eyes pop.
And then I'm gonna find
a big ol' butcher knife
and chop your head off.
And then I'm gonna
walk that head
all the way to Audubon Park.
And I'm gonna feed it
to the fucking lions.
And I'm gonna...
laughhhhhhh!
Yeah!
Whatcha gonna do?
I'm burdened with
my maker's temper.
Ah... Uh. no.
No.
You were... You were
teased until you toppled.
- He tried to kill him!
- Oh. did he?
You used your Cloud Gift.
You flew the accused
high up into the air.
then you let him fall.
Two kilometers approximately.
Yes. I know. I know. I know.
It's a lethal
distance for a mortal.
But for a vampire? It's a
hard fall. nothing more.
Lestat has within his
veins. a most ancient blood.
A godlike strength.
Remember. he put his fist
through a priest's skull.
Did you do that to the accused?
No. you did not.
Ladies and gentlemen
of the jury.
I ask you to set aside
your mortal biases
and remember that
we are monsters.
And to us monsters. what's
a bite between paramours?
You knew Louis would be fine?
And he was fine.
Lestat?
A wolf congratulated for
not killing her pups.
Yes!
You knew he would be
fine and he was fine.
No!
He wasn't fine.
I let go of him.
It wasn't a...
misunderstanding. it
wasn't an accident.
I let go of him.
I watched him...
clutch the air.
I saw him...
swinging wild as he
fell through the clouds.
The projections went off sync.
Lestat went off script again.
How do you know it
wasn't part of the show?
Sam was cursing to
himself beside me.
Read for yourself.
There was no scripting Lestat.
You cannot script a hurricane.
I did it to hurt him.
And it did hurt him.
And afterwards he
was a broken thing.
I know. I saw.
because I am the
one who broke him!
I couldn't...
persuade...
him to return my affections.
I couldn't force him
to love me and so...
I broke him.
What is worse than that?
Crushing what you cannot own?
I hurt the one...
I hurt the only one...
Doing it again.
Hurting you again.
I... I thought of this
often in the coffin.
That you left me and...
And I've thought of
this in the years since.
I...
I will always be sorry
for what I did to you.
If it's true. it's
too fucking late.
I was not worthy of the
forgiveness you would give me.
Continue.
Uh... Okay.
Nice apology.
From the heart and not the page.
Did it move you?
Crossed an ocean
because he wanted us dead.
And then...
something real.
This is Lestat.
What he does over and over.
Until you're left with no sense
of what is and what is not.
Didn't work on me anymore.
I wasn't thinking about
Lestat's sincerity.
I was thinking about
how I was going to die.
But...
But what?
It moved Claudia.
Right up on her feet.
Good! Mmm.
Real pretty.
You dropped him.
like an egg from an airplane.
He's fine now. You
apologize. All is forgiven.
- We poisoned him...
- A confession!
He's not dead! He's standing
right here in front of us!
Can I cry and say
that I'm sorry too?
Disorder! Disorder!
This working for you. Lestat?
You gonna...
accept my apology.
Claudia. stop! This
your big revenge?!
Claudia! Uhh!
Oh. whoopsie-daisy!
Bailiff. could you
clear it up. please?
Don't know why I bother.
You didn't come here for me.
One more round in the
stormy romance of you two!
Never been about me.
I was just a roof shingle
that flew off of your house.
Are we on trial?
It's not a trial.
It's a stoning.
A stoning.
Took the air out of the
place with that one.
It got a lot less
fun real quick.
But they had their
Technicolor film.
Tuan Pham's wizardry with it.
And they had Lestat
back in the chair.
fully recovered from his
apology. back on mission.
Delivering his lines.
picking up his cues.
hypnotizing the
mortals back around
with the potboiler
in New Orleans.
The father. duped
by his ungrateful
and diabolical children.
The father ridiculed
and humiliated
in his final minutes.
The mistress extinguished
in the courtyard oven.
And the mortals didn't blink.
They followed the pocket
watch back and forth.
until Santiago and Lestat had
them dreaming in their seats.
And here they are!
Piranhas looking up
through the tank water.
waiting for the
chum to be dumped.
They had uncovered our
crimes there. in Paris.
And sent a signal
flare to America.
waking the victim from
his state of repose.
She had confessed.
I couldn't move.
Lestat would have his vengeance.
This is hard.
The sentencing.
For the Heretical Desecration
of the first. third.
fourth and fifth
of the Great Laws.
what say you for
the vampire Claudia?
Ah. Advocat!
Are you not the horse a
mile ahead of the cart?
Madame Justice?
The vampire Madeleine
- what is her crime?
Oh. she's just a
bastard fledgling.
made without the knowledge or
consent of the coven master.
Which is...
now me.
Yet she is oblivious to the
crimes committed by her maker.
It is only fair that she be offered
the same choice as any vampire.
This is true and fair.
In accordance with vampiric law.
may she not join the coven
and become one with us?
Hmm?
She must join or die.
- Die!
Oh. points for enthusiasm.
but it is true and fair.
Madeleine Eparvier rise!
The choice is yours.
Will you renounce the accused
you sit with and join our coven?
- No! Pick me! Pick me!
- Pick me! Pick me!
I am the vampire
Madeleine Eparvier.
And my immortal
companion is Claudia.
My coven is Claudia.
My vampire heart quiver-eth.
The martyr skips
her way to hell.
Indeed.
For the Heretical Desecration
of the first of the Great Laws
what say you for the
vampire Madeleine Eparvier.
guilty or not guilty?
Guilty! Guilty!
And there being only
one sentence applicable.
that being death.
- What is your sentence?
- Death!
The vampire Claudia. rise.
For the Heretical Desecration
of the first. third and fourth.
and the murder of the
vampire Antoinette Brown.
and the attempted murder of her maker
the vampire Monsieur Lestat de Lioncourt.
what say you for
the vampire Claudia.
guilty or not guilty?
Guilty!
And the sentence?
Death!
May I ask the court
for a final request?
Mmm?
No.
Let her have it.
The man in the balcony
wearing the high hat.
Would you kindly remove it?
Sir. will you grant the
condemned her last request?
Thank you.
I now know all your faces.
If there is an afterlife.
I'm going to come back and
fucking kill all of you.
And if there isn't an afterlife.
I'll still gonna find a way.
Bailiff!
For the Heretical Desecration
of the Great Laws
one. two and four.
and the murder of the
vampire Antoinette Brown.
and the attempted murder of his maker
the vampire Monsieur Lestat de Lioncourt.
what say you for the vampire
Louis de Pointe du Lac.
guilty or not guilty?
Guilty! Guilty!
Guilty! Guilty! Guilty!
Guilty!
And the sentence?
- De...
Banishment.
- Banishment.
- Banishment!
Banishment!
Banishment! Banishment!
He saved you.
It took all my strength.
You saved Louis.
Yes.
But not her.
I could not prevent it.
Banishment...
is not an applicable punishment.
Oh...
Oh. but you mortals are
bastards. aren't you?
Arguably. a sentence
worse than death.
Alright. have it your way.
Send him to Belgium!
Take him downstairs.
Tuck him in nice and tight.
No! No! No! No! No. Claudia!
- Louis!
- No! No!
Louis!
Louis! Louis!
I'm gonna guess that they didn't
drive you to the Belgian border.
No.
I fought back.
There wasn't much
fight left in me.
They took me to their...
their crypt.
Shoved me in a coffin.
filled the coffin...
with rocks. so I couldn't move.
What was that. Louis?
I can't hear you.
Banished...
to a three by seven foot box...
to starve to death.
and join the damned
who came before me.
And while that's going on.
she's upstairs on stage?
Ask him.
I wasn't there.
Okay.
You were there.
And now for your
viewing pleasure...
- The lip of the stage.
- A spectacle and a marvel...
Arms around each
other. defiant. scared.
Whispering last
words to one another.
Does anybody have the time?
1:39! 1:39!
Oh dear. way past our bedtime.
What you are about to see...
is fake.
Remember that when you leave
here today. You're all...
I tried to hear what Claudia
was saying to Madeleine
but my mind was with Louis.
What must be happening
to him backstage.
And I despise you for it!
And before Santiago pulled
the black-out curtain.
hiding the perfectly
mounted observatory lens
for the perfectly timed sun in
the sky above the theater...
Follow the bouncing ball!
Claudia smiled.
And started singing
to her executioners.
♪ I don't like windows ♪
♪ When they're closed ♪
♪ I want to fly where
the wild wind blows ♪
Claudia gave the
audience her back.
And Madeleine succumbed first.
♪ I don't like windows
when they're... ♪
♪ Closed! ♪
And you could tell from
the look on Lestat's face.
the last thing she
saw on Earth was him.
I was dead...
But my rage...
had risen.
There was 13 of them...
...and one of me.
Did Armand tell you
what we did with her ashes?
I lied to you.
I've come to kill you.
Episode 7. "I Could
Not Prevent It."
It refers to the death
of Claudia and Madeleine.
and it's unexpected.
and what's revealed is
definitely not expected.
It's a fake setup.
It's presented as though
it's an actual trial
with the audience in the theater
as the final jury.
I fell in and out
of consciousness.
The sacks come off. you're
characters in a play.
Props in a play.
I could feel a presence
in the theater.
This is something that the
audience and all of us.
frankly. shooting the show.
had been waiting for
for the whole season.
Monsieur Lestat de Lioncourt.
Lestat walking on stage
is probably the most
complex moment for Louis.
There's a reason why Lestat
appears as his subconscious.
There's a comfort
that he finds in him.
but to actually see
him in the flesh.
I think there's a mix of like.
he doesn't know if
he's really there.
And I think it's like.
fear. excitement.
fury. and a bit of relief.
It's a big deal for
Louis and Lestat
to see each other again.
It's their turn to hurt.
For us. Jacob and myself.
it was a lot to do with.
what's their connection.
even when they're not
looking at each other?
Love has always been
difficult for me.
But I think as soon
as he looks at Louis
and as soon as
Louis looks at him.
I think he knows it's all over.
The accused raised up his hands
and took your face in them
with a kiss of acceptance.
Lestat has now lost
himself in the memory.
and then there's this
homophobic comment
which snaps him out of it.
Where lies your disgust now?
It's just another element
that pushes him further and
further into catastrophe.
I hurt the one. I
hurt the only one.
Doing it again.
Hurting you again.
So today we have a
5 1/2. 6-page scene
which is the climax
of the trial.
in which we find
out whether Claudia.
Madeleine and Louis
are condemned to death
by the Paris coven.
Ladies and gentlemen
of the jury.
I ask you to set aside
your mortal biases
and remember that
we are monsters.
Claudia has always been
a defiant character.
Good. Mm.
And so we wanted
to give her that...
if she's going to
die in this way.
in front of a live audience.
burn to death on stage.
we wanted to give her
some moments of defiance
before she goes out.
You dropped him like an
egg from an airplane.
For Claudia. in the
beginning. it's terror.
and then it's just straight
anger from then on.
anger at Louis. anger at
Lestat. anger at Santiago.
We poisoned him.
Our confession.
He's not dead! He's standing
right here in front of us!
Can I cry and say
that I'm sorry too?
Madeleine is out of it.
and not really aware
of what's happening.
Are we on trial?
Claudia is all too aware
and still so defiant.
Not a trial. It's a stoning.
She never begs. She
never gives any ground.
She knows that she's right.
Madeleine.
Will you renounce the
accused you sit with
and join our coven?
Hayles: Madeleine picks Claudia.
and that is all Claudia
has ever needed to hear.
is to be put first.
So in that moment. it's
acceptance of her circumstance.
My immortal
companion is Claudia.
My coven is Claudia.
What say you for
the vampire Claudia?
Guilty or not guilty?
Guilty!
Even until her death.
she's a fighter.
May I ask the court
for a final request?
One thing about Claudia
that I really love
is she will always
give it her all.
I now know all your faces.
And you'll always get her all.
If there is an afterlife.
I'm going to come back
and kill all of you.
For Claudia. it's a promise.
It's not a threat.
It's a promise.
She has Lestat's blood.
If they do anything. it's
come back with a vengeance.
Claudia!
Louis! Louis!
You saved Louis.
Yes.
But not her.
I could not prevent it.
Claudia's death
represents Louis'
last connection to this world.
This is hard.
This is a striking
and painful episode.
When Claudia protects
Madeleine in that moment.
it's out of sheer love.
Louis feels deeply
responsible for her.
It is his biggest regret
that he couldn't save her.
It's the thing that's
haunted everyone.
the fact he couldn't protect
her. he couldn't keep her alive.
But like. a big part
of Louis' acceptance of
the gift of his
nature is knowing
that Claudia really
did embrace it.
She was a brilliant vampire.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm